Update Fleet/Agent docs for Agent tamper protection (Elastic Defend) (#674)
elastic/ingest-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/elastic-agent/uninstall-elastic-agent.asciidoc

If you are using DEB or RPM, you can use the package manager to remove the
installed package.

> NOTE: For hosts enrolled in the {elastic-defend} integration with Agent tamper protection enabled, you'll need to include the uninstall token in the command, using the `--uninstall-token` flag. Refer to the {security-guide}/agent-tamper-protection.html[{elastic-sec} documentation] for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
NOTE: For hosts enrolled in the {elastic-defend} integration with Agent tamper protection enabled, you'll need to include the uninstall token in the command, using the `--uninstall-token` flag. Refer to the {security-guide}/agent-tamper-protection.html[Agent tamper protection docs] for more information.
```
